Increase experimental `messageArgs` support (#6463)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/several-cucumbers-wonder.md

> Added: `declaration-property-value-disallowed-list` `messageArgs` support
> Added: `declaration-property-unit-disallowed-list` `messageArgs` support
> Added: `function-disallowed-list` `messageArgs` support
> Added: `at-rule-disallowed-list` `messageArgs` support
> Added: `property-disallowed-list` `messageArgs` support

Reviewer: [suggest] Thanks for adding the entry. Could you please update it as follows to work `changeset` later?

```suggestion
---
"stylelint": minor
---

Added: custom message formatting for `at-rule-disallowed-list`, `declaration-property-unit-disallowed-list`, `declaration-property-value-disallowed-list`, `function-disallowed-list`, and `property-disallowed-list`
```
